hi everybody welcome to our video game
world ooh you know this year there is a
good reason to celebrate Valentine's Day
for once and the reason is lest of us
left behind it's only because there is
no girl rule langar video yeah more
stupid face shut up you pimple left
behind is a deal see for the ultra mega
unbelievably super amazing I can't
believe it so damn good The Last of Us
for PlayStation 3 it is a sequel to the
main store it's not two plots it's a
prequel ah okay it's a pretty screwed
it's a prequel to the main storyline and
it will play as hell and not as Joe a
composer of the game is Gustavo
Santaolalla usually a film composer he
created awesome music for movies like
Babel into the wild and Brokeback
Mountain okay sir we will play the many
of them which is included in the last of
us left behind soundtrack the track is
called algún seasons
I hope you liked this video if you do
like it make sure the click of the like
and the subscribe button below sir
last week we play the guile dam from
Street Fighter 2 click on the screen
right now to watch it thank you very
much we'll see you next Friday